What's the noise?
I'm not dead yet.
Yuan Qingliang Yuan Qingliang
How are you feeling?
Yeah.
Doctor Zhang just said
What do you mean I'm dying?
Doctor Zhang must be old
Maybe the medical skills are unclear
Your body is obviously so good
How could it possibly die, right?
Even telling them now would only add to the sadness
It's better to live the rest of the day happily
Don't worry, don't you understand my medical skills?
I'm just so tired.
Two more days off
Please prepare more delicious food for me.
I'll be fine soon.
Really?
Did you not lie to this king?
Of course it's true.
King Huai's illness has not been cured yet
I can't fall down by myself first
Don't worry. Okay.
Why are you helping the King of Chu today?
Do you know if something really happened?
Even you have to suffer a thousand miles
Sixth brother is dying
You are only worried that I will suffer a thousand miles
If it weren't for what you said to Brother Six
He will hide medicine and vomit blood
Not only are you hindering his treatment
He also wants the fifth brother to fight him with his life
Who are you? Why did you become like this?
Previously, the father did prepare for the director
If it weren't for me in the future
King Huai himself will know
Besides, he doesn't take medicine himself
What does it matter to me?
I target the King of Chu
Also for you
Yuan Qinglin courted the Supreme Emperor
Don't you just want to help the King of Chu fight for power?
The couple is willing to win the enemy.
It will definitely harm you, the gentleman
Flute, I'm doing this for your own good.
You can't sit still.
Are you really doing it for me?
I still want the crown princess
Sixth brother's master, I will go back and make amends to my mother
These days, you will stay with the princess and admire it well
Unpromising stuff
It's all about this, don't fight or grab it
OK
You want to be a wimp
I don't want to hold back with you
You must not let Yuan Qingling go